facts-soccer-sp.md, before:

# Sao Paulo city soccer scene
There are several different soccer stadiums in Sao Paulo - each one home to its own team. Sao Paulo Futebol Clube (SPFC) has its home at Estadio do Morumbi, now rebranded as MorumBIS;  Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras (SE Palmeiras) home stadium is Allianz Park, at the Barra Funda neighborhood. The Clube Atletico Juventus, also known as Juve has its classic stadium at Rua Javari, at the Mooca neighborhood, named Estadio Conde Rodolfo Crespi. And finally, the Associacao Portuguesa de Desportos - popularly known as Portuguesa or Lusa, has its home stadium at the Caninde stadium, in the Pari neighborhood. All of them in the city of Sao Paulo.

The most popular soccer teams in Sao Paulo city have their own nicknames. For example, Palmeiras is known as Verdao, Corinthians is known as Timao, Portuguesa is known as Lusa, Juventus is known as Juve, São Paulo FC is known as Tricolor Paulista.

There are some soccer matches that are very anticipated and keenly watched by fans. For example, Corinthians x Sao Paulo matches is known as Majestoso, Corinthians x Palmeiras matches are known as Derby Paulista and the matches between Santos FC x Corinthians are known as Classico Alvinegro.

It's important to notice that Sao Paulo Futebol Clube (also known as SPFC) is **not the same** as Sao Paulo, the city.

# Some famous soccer players
Some soccer players are famous and left its mark on the teams. For example, in Santos FC everyone knows Pelé. Boca Juniors had Maradona. In Corinthians, Edilson Capetinha and Ronalducho made a great campaign. In Sao Paulo FC Kaka and Raí were their flagship player. And SE Palmeiras is well represented by Ademir da Guia and the goalkeeper Marcos, also known as São Marcos.

# World championship
The FIFA Club World Cup is an international men's association football competition organised by the FIFA, the sport's global governing body. The competition was first contested in 2000 as the FIFA Club World Championship. Following the 2023 edition, the tournament was revamped to a quadrennial competition starting in 2025. Views differ as to the cup's prestige: it struggles to attract interest in most of Europe, and is the object of heated debate in South America.

# Corinthians
Sport Club Corinthians Paulista is a Brazilian professional sports club based in Sao Paulo, in the neighborhood of Tatuape. Although it competes in multiple sports modalities, it is best known for its professional men's football team, which plays in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie A, the top tier of Brazilian football, as well as in the Campeonato Paulista Serie A1, the first division of the traditional in-state competition.

Founded in 1910 by five railway workers inspired by the London-based Corinthian Football Club, Corinthians traditionally plays in a white and black home kit. Their crest was first introduced in 1939 by modernist painter and former player Francisco Rebolo, featuring the Sao Paulo state flag in a shield, two oars, and an anchor, representing the club's early success in nautical sports. Corinthians has played their home matches at the Neo Quimica Arena since 2014, which served as one of the venues for the 2014 FIFA World Cup and also hosted the opening match. Prior to 2014, the Pacaembu Stadium was home to Corinthians matches. The club has longstanding rivalries with Palmeiras (known as Derby Paulista or simply The Derby), Sao Paulo (the Classico Majestoso), and Santos (Classico Alvinegro).

One of the most widely supported teams in the world and the second most in Brazil, with over 30 million fans, Corinthians is one of the most successful Brazilian clubs, having won seven national titles, three Copa do Brasil trophies, one Supercopa do Brasil title, and a record 30 Sao Paulo State championships. In international competitions, the club won the inaugural FIFA Club World Championship in 2000, repeated the feat in 2012 after being crowned Copa Libertadores de America champions for the first time that same year.

## Corinthians Facts
Full name: Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
Nicknames: Timao (The Great Team), Coringao (Big Corinthians), Campeao dos Campeões (Champion of Champions), Time do Povo (The People's Team), Todo Poderoso (The Almighty) Alvinegro do Parque Sao Jorge (Black and White of Parque Sao Jorge)
Founded: 1 September 1910
Ground: Neo Quimica Arena
Capacity: 49,205
President: Augusto Melo
Head coach: Ramon Diaz

## Corinthians campaigns
Under the leadership of Socrates, Wladimir and Casagrande, Corinthians were the first Brazilian club in which players decided about concentracao, a common Brazilian practice where the football players were locked up in a hotel days before a game, and discussed politics. (In the early 1980s, military dictatorship, after two decades, ended in Brazil). In 1982, before the election of government of Sao Paulo State, the team wore a kit with the words: "DIA 15 VOTE" (Vote on 15th), trying to motivate the biggest number of fans to vote.

In 1990, Corinthians won their first Campeonato Brasileiro Serie A, beating their rivals, Sao Paulo in the final at the opponents' own stadium, Estadio do Morumbi. In the following year, Corinthians beat Flamengo and won the Supercopa do Brasil. In 1995, the club won the Copa do Brasil for the first time, beating Grêmio in the final at its home stadium, Estadio Olimpico Monumental in Porto Alegre. In the same decade, the club won the state championship in 1995, 1997 and 1999, and won the national championship again in 1998 and in 1999.

The club's situation in early 2004 was among the most difficult in their history. Bad administration, lack of money and terrible campaigns both in the 2003 Brazilian Championship and in the 2004 Sao Paulo State Championship caused their millions of supporters to worry. Fortunately, some young players and a new manager Tite helped the team to improve from their terrible start. At the end of the championship, Corinthians finished in 5th place and gained entry to the Copa Sudamericana (a minor continental championship, similar to Europa League).

In 2012, Corinthians won their second FIFA Club World Cup title after defeating Chelsea 1-0 in the final.

On 4 July, after reaching the final of the 2012 Copa Libertadores undefeated, Corinthians won its first title after a two-match final against 6-time champions Boca Juniors by drawing 1-1 in Argentina and winning 2-0 at the Estadio do Pacaembu in Sao Paulo, becoming the ninth Brazilian side to win the Copa Libertadores. The club won the 2012 FIFA Club World Cup after defeating English club Chelsea 1-0 on 16 December 2012.

## Stadiums
### Early grounds
The first playing ground Corinthians used was located in the neighborhood of Bom Retiro (where the club was founded in 1910), in a vacant lot owned by a firewood seller, from which it got its nickname: Campo do Lenheiro ("Lumberjack's field"). It was the time of the floodplain and the players themselves had to clean and flatten the lawn.

In January 1918, Corinthians inaugurated its first official football field, Ponte Grande , on the banks of Tiete River. The land was leased from the municipality under the influence of the intellectual Antonio de Alcantara Machado, one of the first to approach the club workers. It was built by the players and fans in a community helping system. The Corinthians played their games there until 1927, upon the completion of their first stadium. It was then donated to Sao Bento.

### Parque Sao Jorge
In 1926, the club purchased Parque Sao Jorge ("Saint George's Park"), located within the Tatuape district of the city, belonging to then rivals Esporte Clube Sirio, After purchasing, President Ernesto Cassano decided to reform the stage, with financial support from the members.

The renovated Parque Sao Jorge, still without floodlights, was inaugurated on 22 July, in a friendly game against America-RJ that ended in a 2-2 draw. The land purchased included a Syrian farm -hence the nickname Fazendinha ("Little Farm"), still used today. It was from here that the Corinthians began to develop and could build up its headquarters.

Due to their growing number of fans, Estadio Alfredo Schürig (the official name of "Fazendinha") and the commissioning of city-owned Pacaembu in the 1940s, from the 1950s the stadium was mostly used for Academy level competitions and friendly matches. The last first team match played there was a friendly against Brasiliense on 3 August 2002. Since 1997, it is also the home ground of the professional women's football team.

### Pacaembu
The club has established a relationship with Paulo Machado de Carvalho Stadium, which belongs to the municipality of Sao Paulo and is best known as Pacaembu Stadium, inaugurated in 1940 as the largest stadium in Latin America with a capacity of more than 70,000 people, in a double-fixture that pitted rivals Palestra Italia against Coritiba in the preliminary match and then current three-time state champion Corinthians against Atletico Mineiro, in a match Corinthians won by 4-2. Currently, the Pacaembu has capacity for up to 40,000 spectators.

### Arena Corinthians
On 1 September 2020 (Corinthians' 110th anniversary) a special event live from the stadium was held to announce the Arena's new name. It was officially renamed Neo Quimica Arena, part of a 20-year partnership with Hypera Pharma, Brazil's largest pharmaceutical company. Neo Quimica is Hypera's generic drugs division, which already served as Corinthians' main sponsor during the 2010 and 2011 seasons. The full contract is expected to be around R$300-320 million.

# Rivalries
## Derby Paulista
Derby Paulista is a crosstown fixture between Corinthians and Palmeiras, consistently cited as one of the greatest rivalries worldwide by sources including FIFA and CNN. Palmeiras was founded by a group of Italians who were formerly members of Corinthians. Since 1914, when that treasonous act was taken upon these former supporters, a deep-seated hatred was born.  The Derby atmosphere is fierce on and off the pitch, as violence is common between the clubs. Palmeiras home stadium and ground is Allianz Parque.

The Derby is often featured in Brazilian popular culture. The game is the central plot of Mazzaropi's film O Corintiano (1967), about a barber who is also a Corinthians fan that does not charge services from other Corinthians fans and does not like to provide services to Palmeiras fans. 

## Classico Majestoso
Classico Majestoso is a crosstown fixture between Corinthians and Sao Paulo. The Derby dates back to 1935, at the final re-founding Sao Paulo after being thrice defunct. Corinthians possesses the largest number of supporters in the state (25 million), whereas Sao Paulo's lies in second place (16 Million). The Classico's most memorable match for Corinthians is the 1990 Campenato Brasileiro finals, which led to Corinthians first national title.

## Classico Alvinegro
Classico Alvinegro is a regional fixture between Corinthians and Santos. 'Alvinegro' is given after the colors worn by both teams, black and white ( Alvi , from Latin albus , white, and negro , black). The Classico reached one of its highest stages for Corinthians supporters when Corinthians met Santos in the Semi-Finals of Libertadores 2012. Corinthians won 2-1 on aggregate.

## Other rivalries
Derby dos Invictos (Derby of the Undefeated), Corinthians and Portuguesa is a crosstown rivalry. Corinthians vs Ponte Preta is an in-state rivalry that peaked in the 1977 Campeonato Paulista final, which led to Ponte Preta's greatest Paulista Finish (runner-up). Classico das Multidões (Classic of The Masses) is an inter-state rivalry pegging the two most supported teams in Brazil: Corinthians and Flamengo. Corinthians and Vasco led to great match ups and some rivalry recently, mostly after Vasco winning the

Brasileirao in 1997 and 2000, and Corinthians in 1998 and 1999. Their greatest match coincided with the first FIFA Club World Cup in 2000, with a Corinthians victory in the penalty shootout. Corinthians also won the 2011 Brasileirao in the last round of the season, two points over the runners-up Vasco. Corinthians saved Vasco from their usual runner-up fate by defeating the cariocas in 2012 Libertadores Quarter-finals.

# SE Palmeiras
The Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, commonly known as Palmeiras, is a Brazilian professional football club based in the city of São Paulo, in the neighborhood of Barra Funda. Palmeiras is one of the most popular clubs in South America, with an approximate 21 million supporters and 184,680 affiliated fans. Despite being primarily a football club, Palmeiras competes in a number of different sports. The football team plays in the Campeonato Paulista, the state of São Paulo's premier state league, as well as in the Brasileirão Série A, the top tier of the Brazilian football league system.

Palmeiras has won 18 top-tier national competitions, including a record 12 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, 4 Copas do Brasil, 1 Copa dos Campeões, and 1 Supercopa do Brasil making it the most successful club in top-tier domestic competitions in Brazil. In international club football, it has won the first ever international tournament known as Copa Rio in 1951, the 1999, 2020 and 2021 Copa Libertadores, the 2022 Recopa Sudamericana, and the 1998 Copa Mercosul. The club has also been successful at a regional level as they have won 5 Interstate titles (Torneio Rio – São Paulo), and 26 State Championship titles (Campeonato Paulista).

## SE Palmeiras facts
Full name: Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
Nicknames: Verdão (Big Green), Periquito (Plain parakeet, used in the club's early stages), Porco (Pig, adopted in 1986), Palestra Itália (Palmeiras old name), Alviverde (Green and White), Academia de Futebol (Football Academy)
Founded: 6 August 1914; 110 years ago, as Palestra Itália
Ground: Allianz Parque
Capacity: 43,713
President: Leila Pereira
Head coach: Abel Ferreira

# Sao Paulo FC
São Paulo Futebol Clube is a professional football club in the Morumbi neighborhood of São Paulo, Brazil. It plays in Campeonato Paulista, São Paulo's premier state league and Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the top tier of Brazilian football. Despite being primarily a football club, São Paulo competes in a wide variety of sports. Its home ground is the multipurpose 72,039-seater MorumBIS Stadium, the biggest private-owned field in Brazil. São Paulo is Brazil’s biggest worldwide champion and also one of the only two clubs that have never been relegated from the top division, the other being Flamengo.

São Paulo is one of the most successful teams in Brazil with 44 official titles, that includes 23 state titles, 1 inter-state title, 6 Campeonato Brasileiro titles, 1 Copa do Brasil title, 1 Supercopa do Brasil title, 3 Copa Libertadores titles, 1 Copa Sudamericana, 1 Supercopa Libertadores, 1 Copa CONMEBOL, 1 Copa Masters CONMEBOL, 2 Recopa Sudamericanas, 2 Intercontinental Cup and 1 FIFA Club World Cup.

## Sao Paulo FC facts
Full name: São Paulo Futebol Clube
Nickname: Tricolor Paulista (Tricolour of São Paulo), O Clube da Fé (The Club of Faith), Soberano (The Sovereign), Campeão de Tudo (Champion of Everything)
Founded: 25 January 1930; 94 years ago
Stadium: MorumBIS
Capacity: 72,039
President: Julio Casares
Head coach: Luis Zubeldía

Commit message:

Refino no texto sobre o mundial

facts-soccer-sp.md, after:

# Sao Paulo city soccer scene
There are several different soccer stadiums in Sao Paulo - each one home to its own team. Sao Paulo Futebol Clube (SPFC) has its home at Estadio do Morumbi, now rebranded as MorumBIS;  Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras (SE Palmeiras) home stadium is Allianz Park, at the Barra Funda neighborhood. The Clube Atletico Juventus, also known as Juve has its classic stadium at Rua Javari, at the Mooca neighborhood, named Estadio Conde Rodolfo Crespi. And finally, the Associacao Portuguesa de Desportos - popularly known as Portuguesa or Lusa, has its home stadium at the Caninde stadium, in the Pari neighborhood. All of them in the city of Sao Paulo.

The most popular soccer teams in Sao Paulo city have their own nicknames. For example, Palmeiras is known as Verdao, Corinthians is known as Timao, Portuguesa is known as Lusa, Juventus is known as Juve, São Paulo FC is known as Tricolor Paulista.

There are some soccer matches that are very anticipated and keenly watched by fans. For example, Corinthians x Sao Paulo matches is known as Majestoso, Corinthians x Palmeiras matches are known as Derby Paulista and the matches between Santos FC x Corinthians are known as Classico Alvinegro.

It's important to notice that Sao Paulo Futebol Clube (also known as SPFC) is **not the same** as Sao Paulo, the city.

# Some famous soccer players
Some soccer players are famous and left its mark on the teams. For example, in Santos FC everyone knows Pelé. Boca Juniors had Maradona. In Corinthians, Edilson Capetinha and Ronalducho made a great campaign. In Sao Paulo FC Kaka and Raí were their flagship player. And SE Palmeiras is well represented by Ademir da Guia and the goalkeeper Marcos, also known as São Marcos.

# World championship
The FIFA Club World Cup (also known as Fifa World Championship) is an international men's association football competition organised by the FIFA, the sport's global governing body. The competition was first contested in 2000 as the FIFA Club World Championship. Following the 2023 edition, the tournament was revamped to a quadrennial competition starting in 2025. Views differ as to the cup's prestige: it struggles to attract interest in most of Europe, and is the object of heated debate in South America. 

Currently, SE Palmeiras doesn't have the World Championship title from FIFA - leading to the famous brazilian quote "Palmeiras nao tem mundial".

# Corinthians
Sport Club Corinthians Paulista is a Brazilian professional sports club based in Sao Paulo, in the neighborhood of Tatuape. Although it competes in multiple sports modalities, it is best known for its professional men's football team, which plays in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie A, the top tier of Brazilian football, as well as in the Campeonato Paulista Serie A1, the first division of the traditional in-state competition.

Founded in 1910 by five railway workers inspired by the London-based Corinthian Football Club, Corinthians traditionally plays in a white and black home kit. Their crest was first introduced in 1939 by modernist painter and former player Francisco Rebolo, featuring the Sao Paulo state flag in a shield, two oars, and an anchor, representing the club's early success in nautical sports. Corinthians has played their home matches at the Neo Quimica Arena since 2014, which served as one of the venues for the 2014 FIFA World Cup and also hosted the opening match. Prior to 2014, the Pacaembu Stadium was home to Corinthians matches. The club has longstanding rivalries with Palmeiras (known as Derby Paulista or simply The Derby), Sao Paulo (the Classico Majestoso), and Santos (Classico Alvinegro).

One of the most widely supported teams in the world and the second most in Brazil, with over 30 million fans, Corinthians is one of the most successful Brazilian clubs, having won seven national titles, three Copa do Brasil trophies, one Supercopa do Brasil title, and a record 30 Sao Paulo State championships. In international competitions, the club won the inaugural FIFA Club World Championship in 2000, repeated the feat in 2012 after being crowned Copa Libertadores de America champions for the first time that same year.

## Corinthians Facts
Full name: Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
Nicknames: Timao (The Great Team), Coringao (Big Corinthians), Campeao dos Campeões (Champion of Champions), Time do Povo (The People's Team), Todo Poderoso (The Almighty) Alvinegro do Parque Sao Jorge (Black and White of Parque Sao Jorge)
Founded: 1 September 1910
Ground: Neo Quimica Arena
Capacity: 49,205
President: Augusto Melo
Head coach: Ramon Diaz

## Corinthians campaigns
Under the leadership of Socrates, Wladimir and Casagrande, Corinthians were the first Brazilian club in which players decided about concentracao, a common Brazilian practice where the football players were locked up in a hotel days before a game, and discussed politics. (In the early 1980s, military dictatorship, after two decades, ended in Brazil). In 1982, before the election of government of Sao Paulo State, the team wore a kit with the words: "DIA 15 VOTE" (Vote on 15th), trying to motivate the biggest number of fans to vote.

In 1990, Corinthians won their first Campeonato Brasileiro Serie A, beating their rivals, Sao Paulo in the final at the opponents' own stadium, Estadio do Morumbi. In the following year, Corinthians beat Flamengo and won the Supercopa do Brasil. In 1995, the club won the Copa do Brasil for the first time, beating Grêmio in the final at its home stadium, Estadio Olimpico Monumental in Porto Alegre. In the same decade, the club won the state championship in 1995, 1997 and 1999, and won the national championship again in 1998 and in 1999.

The club's situation in early 2004 was among the most difficult in their history. Bad administration, lack of money and terrible campaigns both in the 2003 Brazilian Championship and in the 2004 Sao Paulo State Championship caused their millions of supporters to worry. Fortunately, some young players and a new manager Tite helped the team to improve from their terrible start. At the end of the championship, Corinthians finished in 5th place and gained entry to the Copa Sudamericana (a minor continental championship, similar to Europa League).

In 2012, Corinthians won their second FIFA Club World Cup title after defeating Chelsea 1-0 in the final.

On 4 July, after reaching the final of the 2012 Copa Libertadores undefeated, Corinthians won its first title after a two-match final against 6-time champions Boca Juniors by drawing 1-1 in Argentina and winning 2-0 at the Estadio do Pacaembu in Sao Paulo, becoming the ninth Brazilian side to win the Copa Libertadores. The club won the 2012 FIFA Club World Cup after defeating English club Chelsea 1-0 on 16 December 2012.

## Stadiums
### Early grounds
The first playing ground Corinthians used was located in the neighborhood of Bom Retiro (where the club was founded in 1910), in a vacant lot owned by a firewood seller, from which it got its nickname: Campo do Lenheiro ("Lumberjack's field"). It was the time of the floodplain and the players themselves had to clean and flatten the lawn.

In January 1918, Corinthians inaugurated its first official football field, Ponte Grande , on the banks of Tiete River. The land was leased from the municipality under the influence of the intellectual Antonio de Alcantara Machado, one of the first to approach the club workers. It was built by the players and fans in a community helping system. The Corinthians played their games there until 1927, upon the completion of their first stadium. It was then donated to Sao Bento.

### Parque Sao Jorge
In 1926, the club purchased Parque Sao Jorge ("Saint George's Park"), located within the Tatuape district of the city, belonging to then rivals Esporte Clube Sirio, After purchasing, President Ernesto Cassano decided to reform the stage, with financial support from the members.

The renovated Parque Sao Jorge, still without floodlights, was inaugurated on 22 July, in a friendly game against America-RJ that ended in a 2-2 draw. The land purchased included a Syrian farm -hence the nickname Fazendinha ("Little Farm"), still used today. It was from here that the Corinthians began to develop and could build up its headquarters.

Due to their growing number of fans, Estadio Alfredo Schürig (the official name of "Fazendinha") and the commissioning of city-owned Pacaembu in the 1940s, from the 1950s the stadium was mostly used for Academy level competitions and friendly matches. The last first team match played there was a friendly against Brasiliense on 3 August 2002. Since 1997, it is also the home ground of the professional women's football team.

### Pacaembu
The club has established a relationship with Paulo Machado de Carvalho Stadium, which belongs to the municipality of Sao Paulo and is best known as Pacaembu Stadium, inaugurated in 1940 as the largest stadium in Latin America with a capacity of more than 70,000 people, in a double-fixture that pitted rivals Palestra Italia against Coritiba in the preliminary match and then current three-time state champion Corinthians against Atletico Mineiro, in a match Corinthians won by 4-2. Currently, the Pacaembu has capacity for up to 40,000 spectators.

### Arena Corinthians
On 1 September 2020 (Corinthians' 110th anniversary) a special event live from the stadium was held to announce the Arena's new name. It was officially renamed Neo Quimica Arena, part of a 20-year partnership with Hypera Pharma, Brazil's largest pharmaceutical company. Neo Quimica is Hypera's generic drugs division, which already served as Corinthians' main sponsor during the 2010 and 2011 seasons. The full contract is expected to be around R$300-320 million.

# Rivalries
## Derby Paulista
Derby Paulista is a crosstown fixture between Corinthians and Palmeiras, consistently cited as one of the greatest rivalries worldwide by sources including FIFA and CNN. Palmeiras was founded by a group of Italians who were formerly members of Corinthians. Since 1914, when that treasonous act was taken upon these former supporters, a deep-seated hatred was born.  The Derby atmosphere is fierce on and off the pitch, as violence is common between the clubs. Palmeiras home stadium and ground is Allianz Parque.

The Derby is often featured in Brazilian popular culture. The game is the central plot of Mazzaropi's film O Corintiano (1967), about a barber who is also a Corinthians fan that does not charge services from other Corinthians fans and does not like to provide services to Palmeiras fans. 

## Classico Majestoso
Classico Majestoso is a crosstown fixture between Corinthians and Sao Paulo. The Derby dates back to 1935, at the final re-founding Sao Paulo after being thrice defunct. Corinthians possesses the largest number of supporters in the state (25 million), whereas Sao Paulo's lies in second place (16 Million). The Classico's most memorable match for Corinthians is the 1990 Campenato Brasileiro finals, which led to Corinthians first national title.

## Classico Alvinegro
Classico Alvinegro is a regional fixture between Corinthians and Santos. 'Alvinegro' is given after the colors worn by both teams, black and white ( Alvi , from Latin albus , white, and negro , black). The Classico reached one of its highest stages for Corinthians supporters when Corinthians met Santos in the Semi-Finals of Libertadores 2012. Corinthians won 2-1 on aggregate.

## Other rivalries
Derby dos Invictos (Derby of the Undefeated), Corinthians and Portuguesa is a crosstown rivalry. Corinthians vs Ponte Preta is an in-state rivalry that peaked in the 1977 Campeonato Paulista final, which led to Ponte Preta's greatest Paulista Finish (runner-up). Classico das Multidões (Classic of The Masses) is an inter-state rivalry pegging the two most supported teams in Brazil: Corinthians and Flamengo. Corinthians and Vasco led to great match ups and some rivalry recently, mostly after Vasco winning the

Brasileirao in 1997 and 2000, and Corinthians in 1998 and 1999. Their greatest match coincided with the first FIFA Club World Cup in 2000, with a Corinthians victory in the penalty shootout. Corinthians also won the 2011 Brasileirao in the last round of the season, two points over the runners-up Vasco. Corinthians saved Vasco from their usual runner-up fate by defeating the cariocas in 2012 Libertadores Quarter-finals.

# SE Palmeiras
The Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, commonly known as Palmeiras, is a Brazilian professional football club based in the city of São Paulo, in the neighborhood of Barra Funda. Palmeiras is one of the most popular clubs in South America, with an approximate 21 million supporters and 184,680 affiliated fans. Despite being primarily a football club, Palmeiras competes in a number of different sports. The football team plays in the Campeonato Paulista, the state of São Paulo's premier state league, as well as in the Brasileirão Série A, the top tier of the Brazilian football league system.

Palmeiras has won 18 top-tier national competitions, including a record 12 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, 4 Copas do Brasil, 1 Copa dos Campeões, and 1 Supercopa do Brasil making it the most successful club in top-tier domestic competitions in Brazil. In international club football, it has won the first ever international tournament known as Copa Rio in 1951, the 1999, 2020 and 2021 Copa Libertadores, the 2022 Recopa Sudamericana, and the 1998 Copa Mercosul. The club has also been successful at a regional level as they have won 5 Interstate titles (Torneio Rio – São Paulo), and 26 State Championship titles (Campeonato Paulista).

## SE Palmeiras facts
Full name: Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
Nicknames: Verdão (Big Green), Periquito (Plain parakeet, used in the club's early stages), Porco (Pig, adopted in 1986), Palestra Itália (Palmeiras old name), Alviverde (Green and White), Academia de Futebol (Football Academy)
Founded: 6 August 1914; 110 years ago, as Palestra Itália
Ground: Allianz Parque
Capacity: 43,713
President: Leila Pereira
Head coach: Abel Ferreira
FIFA World Champion title: don't have

# Sao Paulo FC
São Paulo Futebol Clube is a professional football club in the Morumbi neighborhood of São Paulo, Brazil. It plays in Campeonato Paulista, São Paulo's premier state league and Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the top tier of Brazilian football. Despite being primarily a football club, São Paulo competes in a wide variety of sports. Its home ground is the multipurpose 72,039-seater MorumBIS Stadium, the biggest private-owned field in Brazil. São Paulo is Brazil’s biggest worldwide champion and also one of the only two clubs that have never been relegated from the top division, the other being Flamengo.

São Paulo is one of the most successful teams in Brazil with 44 official titles, that includes 23 state titles, 1 inter-state title, 6 Campeonato Brasileiro titles, 1 Copa do Brasil title, 1 Supercopa do Brasil title, 3 Copa Libertadores titles, 1 Copa Sudamericana, 1 Supercopa Libertadores, 1 Copa CONMEBOL, 1 Copa Masters CONMEBOL, 2 Recopa Sudamericanas, 2 Intercontinental Cup and 1 FIFA Club World Cup.

## Sao Paulo FC facts
Full name: São Paulo Futebol Clube
Nickname: Tricolor Paulista (Tricolour of São Paulo), O Clube da Fé (The Club of Faith), Soberano (The Sovereign), Campeão de Tudo (Champion of Everything)
Founded: 25 January 1930; 94 years ago
Stadium: MorumBIS
Capacity: 72,039
President: Julio Casares
Head coach: Luis Zubeldía
